data layer that I built here. And this
is a direct node and you literally can't
get this data anywhere else besides the
API key that I drop in the live stream.
So you can see I'm able to see all
liquidation levels. I'm able to see uh
Binance liquidations. I'm able to see
OKX liquidations, everybody's
liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP
is Hyperlid's market maker. I get to see
every single one of their trades. I also
get to see every single um win loss
analysis of every single trader. So you
can see this is trade history of
anybody. So I can just call anybody's
address on Hyperlquid and see exactly
what trades they've made and when
they're making trades. This is stuff
this is like a institutional grade API
that will cost more than $1,000 per
month and you actually get access when
you join one of my live streams. So,
every live stream I put down an API key,
but not only that, you also get the full
replay. Everybody wants replays of my
lives, and you get a full free replay.
All you have to do is go to moondev.com,
and you're going to get a replay of
yesterday's stream, which was $5, and
today's stream. So, it's just five
bucks, and you get all of that. But, you
also get this API key. And I said this
is going to be $1,000 plus per month.
You can see I have a smart money call.
So things that Wall Street is looking
at, I we can all